feat(svelte): Add documentation for component tracking (#5470)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/svelte/features/index.mdx

---
title: Svelte Features
description: "Learn how Sentry's Svelte SDK exposes features for first class integration with Svelte."
excerpt: ""
---

> The Sentry Svelte SDK offers Svelte specific features for first class integration with the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Svelte SDK offers Svelte-specific features for first class integration with the framework.
```

- **[Component Tracking](./componenttracking/)**

>   If you are using Performance monitoring, you can track the individual components of you Svelte application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you're using Performance monitoring, you can track the individual components of your Svelte application.
```
